tutorial (#105)
sveltejs/learn.svelte.dev: content/tutorial/02-sveltekit/02-routing/02-layouts/README.md

---
title: Layouts
---

Sections of your app often share a common UI. To not repeat that code, we can use layouts.

In this app we have two routes — `src/routes/+page.svelte`, and `src/routes/about/+page.svelte`. Both contain the same header which enables us to navigate around.

We can deduplicate this code by moving the common UI into a `+layout.svelte` file. All pages in the same folder or below this file will share that UI. The layout itself needs a `<slot />` at minimum to define where the content is projected.

> Let's move the duplicate content from `src/routes/+page.svelte` and `src/routes/about/+page.svelte` into `src/routes/+layout.svelte`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's move the common header from `src/routes/+page.svelte` and `src/routes/about/+page.svelte` into `src/routes/+layout.svelte`:
```

---
title: Layouts
---

> Different routes of your app will often share common UI. Instead of repeating it in each `+page.svelte` component, we can use a `+layout.svelte` component that applies to all routes in the same directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Different routes of your app will often share common UI. Instead of repeating the common portions in each `+page.svelte` component, we can use a `+layout.svelte` component that applies to all routes in the same directory.
```
